musics a gamer channel here today I will
be doing a video review of the HP
Pavilion dv6 laptop which I picked up at
Best Buy for five hundred ninety nine
dollars so let's get to it okay so here
it is the HP Pavilion dv6 as you can see
here it is nice and black has some nice
decals on it it's not only about mm an
inch or so wide you can see there's VGA
ports DVI Ethernet HDMI off to the right
it's also got extra eSATA 2 USB ports on
that side and it also has a wireless
card reader I don't know why you'd be
that but whatever and uh memory cards
card reader two more USBs here and the
power jack and some other ports that
really aren't important then we have a
blu-ray and CD and DVD player right
there which is a really nice feature on
this laptop the decals and the HP
alright pretty nice it's shiny Energy
Star for those people who are like to be
environmentally friendly and there you
have the lights for an off just
notification light it's not really
important and moving over here you have
the audio input and output for
headphones and microphones ok so moving
on here is it open you can see it has a
nice silver glossy trackpad which is
very nice it's a little loud on the
clocking but whatever some nice decals I
was the mocha color and Tel core i3
running Windows 7 64 bit it's very fast
very very fast well it's also I just got
it but it's fast
the touch audio to raise or lower the
volume then the power button which srs
premium sound video if you can see that
it is made by at like land thing if
that's how you say it kind of if you can
see that the keyboard is pretty nice
it's not backlit which one Mac Pro is my
MacBook Pro is and I still have my
MacBook Pro better but $5.99 is a great
addition for help me do my video
recording see you can see it's running
Windows 7 and that's the HP webcam it
has a 16 point 9 inch HD LED backlight
backlit screen which is very very nice
it's probably I think my MacBook Pros
call it a little better but it's very
nice for 599 dollars
I take this up at Best Buy
very good the Sun sale at Staples and
other places around the country this is
an HP Pavilion entertainment PC which
has 4 gigs of RAM
I believe it's 2.4 gigahertz I'm not
maybe two point five three I'm not
positively sure but it's four gigs of
ram 320 gig hard drive it's it's fast
but I think my MacBook Pro is still want
a nice sure but it's a lot more money
but this is a very high quality and fast
I'm not I say laptop that you can afford
that will do the job
so 599 dollars is very nice to get a
core i3 with Windows 7
this is 360 camera channel remember to
rate comment and subscribe PM me if you
have any questions I will be doing a
weekly question video enjoy your day